live to the security Council to listen
to the Palestinian ambassador's reaction
to the veto a right to live in our
homeland Palestine as an independent
state that is free and that is
Sovereign our right to
self-determination is
inalienable it is not tied to a time or
a time
frame our right is
eternal perminent and continuous it
cannot be
delayed it cannot be
suspended and it has no statute of
limitations it is
important that this
right not be subject to manipulation or
domination or
conditions especially not by Israel the
occupying
power the ethnic cleansing
power the genocidal
power the colonial power that is
determined to evict our people from
their
Homeland to eliminate their identity and
to replace their history and their
culture and to appro their present and
their
civilization and to besiege their future
and their
Horizons the people of Palestine will
not
disappear we will not
disappear the people of Palestine will
not be
buried they are a historical fact they
are a history that cannot be
erased no matter the great power no
matter the
Tyranny this Palestinian people the
Glorious people of Palestine remained on
their
land not out of Charity or Mercy from
Israel but out of patience and
steadfastness and hope and
sacrifice despite the
occupation despite the
oppression despite Exile
enslavement
besiege despite being persecuted and
displaced and evicted and driven away as
refugees we have repeatedly warned of
Israel's Colonial policy in our
land which it not simply declares
openly but now boasts of it
we have
warned of the absence of a horizon for
our
resolution we have warned of the
dangers of ignoring the Palestinian
cause and its Central nature of ignoring
the suffering of the Palestinian people
which is only
growing we have warned of the dangers of
claiming that a just peace is possible
in our region
without a just comprehensive and Lasting
resolution to the pales question Madam
President we came to the security
Council
today at an important historic moment
regionally and
internationally so that we could Salvage
what can be
saved we place you before a historic
responsibility to establish the
foundations of a just and comprehensive
peace in our
region you are before the opportunity to
revive the hope that has been lost
amongst our
peoples we put you before the
responsibility of interpreting and
translating your commitment toward the
two-state solution along the 1967 lines
into actual action firm action that
cannot be maneuvered or retracted the
majority of the security Council Members
have risen to the level of this historic
moment and they have stood on the side
of justice and freedom and hope in line
with the ethical and humanitarian and
legal principles that must govern our
world and in line with simple
logic here we renew our sincere
appreciation to Sister Lee
Algeria and to the Arab and Islamic
groups and the member states of of the
non-aligned
movement and the maltes presidency of
the council a dedicated presidency that
has managed our proceedings
wisely we express our appreciation to
all of those who
supported the Palestinian membership
request and all of those who voted in
favor of the draft resolution by all of
your statements those who voted in favor
and even those who voted
differently of the passion that it
contained in your
commitment
and uh understanding the pain and the
moment of the Palestinian
people I salute you in the name of the
Palestinian
people and their
leadership say the
r Madam president
we accepted the two-state solution along
the
1967 borders as an international vision
of
Peace Arab states put forth the Arab
peace initiative to support this
Vision we built our state with the
efforts of our sons and
daughters and with the support and Trust
of the International Community despite
the obstacles placed by Israel
we have engaged in the peace process in
a manner that would secure our Supreme
national interests and we have abided by
the
foundations of a peaceful and legal
settlement to the conflict the
Palestinian
leadership under the presidency of
President Mahmud
Abbas continues to be committed to this
peaceful track and we renew our call for
an International Peace conference to be
held under multilateral International
sponsorship a conference that aims to
put an end to the Israeli occupation and
achieve the independence of the State of
Palestine but the question
remains is there a true partner for
peace in Israel is there a partner in
peace with us in Israel
Israel
insists through its consecutive
governments it insists on maintaining
occupation on murder on
Siege on the eviction of people on
building settlements these are all
policies and practices that run counter
to the United Nations Charter and to the
resolutions of the United Nations and
all aim to achieve just one objective
namely to stuff out any hope of
a sovereign Palestinian state of a
Palestinian state that exists as a
viable State Israel believes that the
state of Palestine is a permanent
strategic threat to it and will do its
best to block the sovereignty of a
Palestinian
States and to make sure that the
Palestinian people are exiled away from
their Homeland or remain under its
occupation
forever it is up to you now to
determine who loves
peace and who is the enemy of
Peace who loves peace and who is the
enemy of
Peace who wants to save the lives of
Innocents and who seeks to perpetrate
genocide
Israel does not want a two-state
solution Israel does not want a state of
Palestine this is Israel's scheme this
was approved by the knesset and it's
publicly announced by the knesset
members and it's very representative in
this Council and anywhere in the United
Nations and outside of the United
Nations does
so this is a plan that is claimed by
Israeli government officials and
politicians Netanyahu even boasted about
this as a political achievement boasting
that he succeeded in preventing the rise
of a Palestinian State he declared this
in his imaginary map the map that he
brought with him to the general assembly
last
September a map of Israel from the river
to the Sea
a map that annihilates the existence of
Palestine this is the plan of his
extremist government to get rid of
Palestine to get rid of the
Palestinians this
delusion
unfortunately costs innocent
lives and do you know what Israel needs
implement this delusional
plan the plan to evict the people and to
anex a land all it
needs is more
time more
immunity and more lives and
blood what will the International
Community do what will you
do you the International Security
Council that is charged with the
maintenance of International Peace and
security what are you going to do
what will you do what are
will will you give Israel the time it
needs to Annex Palestinian
land will you give it the immunity to
evict the people and kill them will you
give Israel the weapons to kill more
people will you give her give Israel the
right to veto to V to our right to exist
on our
land to veto the Palestinian State's
right to full membership in the United
Nations palestine's membership in the
United Nations is not
symbolic it is a matter of great
importance to Palestinians and to the
peoples of the region at this very
sensitive time it
is something that they have been
awaiting since 1947 since
1949 until
92 we've been waiting since
1947 and we are in
he this is an important
step to rectify a historic
Injustice that befell the Palestinian
people since the partition resolution
and through the and until this very
day it is an important
step to revive faith in international
legitimacy in international law and in
this very organization and its
Charter and to revive hope in the
peaceful settlement of the
conflict giving palestin the membership
is a manifestation of our right to
self-determination it consolidates the
legitimacy of the State of Palestine in
a manner that is
irreversible and cannot be denied by any
party it protects and preserves the land
of the State of Palestine so that it is
not divied up as present as happened
before palestine's membership in the
security in the United Nations is an
investment in peace admit us to
membership it's an investment in peace
our full membership in the United
Nations does not detract from the rights
of any other member State nor does this
membership
threaten or cancel out the membership of
any other state we just want to be equal
to all of
you we don't want to replace
anyone we want to enter your Club as
equal
supporting granting Palestine full
membership has put us on the path of
Hope to keep the hope
alive the fact that this resolution did
not pass will not break our
will and it will not defeat our
determination we will not stop in our
effort the state of Palestine is
inevitable
it is
real perhaps they see it as far away but
we see it as near and we are the
faithful Madame President we are the
ones who experience oppression and
Injustice we know more than anyone else
the nature of this oppressive occupation
because we live it we know best what a
just solution is and we tell you that
the time for freedom is
now for
Freedom it is the time for free
Palestine please remember that once this
session
adjourns in
Palestine there are
Innocents
paying the
price with their lives and the lives of
their children the price of the
Israeli action a price to the double
standards the blind bias towards Israel
the price for the delay in Justice
freedom and peace Madame
President the Palestinian people have
borne more than they can
handle they have suffered all forms of
torture at the hands of the Israeli
occupier it has become clear
now more than any time if that this
glorious
people have not and will not forfeit
their right to their
land
despite the gra gravity of the suffering
of the tragedy of the
destruction of displacement our
Palestinian people have never lost their
Humanity our Palestinian people now are
searching for the remnants of
life and they will not find
a people who have a stronger desire to
live an ordinary life like our people in
Gaza Gaza of Pride Gaza of Glory
our Palestinian
people wherever they
are want
life they cling onto
life just like the other peoples on this
planet the Palestinians are a people who
aspire to freedom to a dignified life to
a peaceful existence
the people of Palestine will not
disappear the people of Palestine will
not be
buried the Palestinian people have never
been
unnecessary you either do Us
justice or you do it
justice we love life to live in Freedom
and dignity in our national
Homeland we will not disappear
either you deal with us with
fairness and give us our rights or give
us our rights thank you very
much I thank the permanent Observer